W-13675718-RunHistoryUpdate-ESB (#474)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_flows.adoc

.. *Flow Owner*: The owner of the flow. 
.. *Last Modified*: The date on which the flow was last modified in the time zone set in your browser.
.. *Status*: The status or the flow. The status can be either active or inactive.
.. *Last Triggered*: The date on which the flow was most recently triggered. This field displays the last time the flow was triggered by either an Event poll or the Scheduler. 

> . The *Run History* of the flow. Composer stores up to 1000 records per flow and can include only the last two weeks of data. For example, for a flow that produces 10 records per day, you can see the Run History for the last two weeks of data (14 x 10 = 140 records). For a flow that produces 100 records per hour, you can see no more than 10 hours of the Run History. Triggering a flow via the Scheduler will always create an entry in the Run History. An entry in the Run History is only added by an Event trigger when a record is either created or updated and passes any filter condition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The *Run History* of the flow. Composer stores up to 1000 records per flow and can include only the last two weeks of data. For example, for a flow that produces 10 records per day, you can see the Run History for the last two weeks of data (14 x 10 = 140 records). For a flow that produces 100 records per hour, you can see no more than 10 hours of the Run History. Triggering a flow via the Scheduler always creates an entry in the Run History. An entry in the Run History is only added by an Event trigger when a record is either created or updated and passes any filter condition. 
```

> 

Reviewer: There is no lead in to the bulleted list, maybe add something like "*Run History* entries include:"

Author: It is actually a callout list for the images. It just looks weird here.

Reviewer: Cool, wasn't sure how it rendered.
